Frontend developer, avid gamer, and unrelenting nerd who enjoys a good meme, a good stream, and jaunty electronic music. Being the kid who spent hours experimenting with HTML and CSS on MySpace, virtualizing cracked PC games, and putting my iPod Touch through jailbreak hell, it seemed like a career in tech would be the most logical life course for me. But life isn't logical. And it had other plans.

In the midst of a 7+ year tenure in digital content marketing - gaining UI/UX design, development workflow, brand strategy, management, and research skills that would enhance my later technical role - I attended my first coding workshop. And I caught fire. For the first time, I felt exactly in the right place. This was further proven when I enrolled in bootcamp shortly after, where I spent the next six months receiving an intensive, hands-on education from a frontend perspective learning React, JavaScript, and TypeScript, while also being taught to work with full-stack technologies like REST APIs, Express, Node, and SQL.

Now here I am. Driven by a borderline-Faustian obsession with continuous improvement of my current skills, learning new concepts and technologies, and never being truly satisfied. Fueled by a relentless energy to build intuitive, secure, and beautiful applications that deliver excellent user experiences while aligning with business goals. Supercharged by an eternal awe of technology and limitless potential to better the lives of others.

I am Amanda Carbone. And I am here for it.
